README.md, before:

# Hello there

I'm a software engineer dabbling in anything related to CS Education. I specialize in short-form workshops, bringing 6th-12th grade students from no-code to low-code and from low-code to full-code projects.

## Developing Lifemap

Every year I set some form of engineering goals for what I wanted to achive. Sometimes I achieved them. Sometimes it took a little longer to achive. Sometimes, I'm still trying to achieve them.

### 2024 Goals

*This year I've spent as a sort of "gap-year" to figure out what sort of educator / engineer I want to become.*

- [ ] Learn to build in public
  - [ ] Start a *this week I built/learned* blog
- [ ] Complete and launch a side project
- [ ] Build a creative coding project

### Archived Goals

See [previous year's goals](./Archived_Goals.md).

---

<!-- Readme stats: https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats#customization -->

![Commits](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=totally-not-frito-lays&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&&count_private=true&include_all_commits=true&theme=transparent)

![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=totally-not-frito-lays&size_weight=0&count_weight=1&exclude_repo=FIRE&theme=transparent&layout=compact)

Commit message:

added organization debt notice + updated goals

README.md, after:

# Hello there

I'm a software engineer dabbling in anything related to CS Education. I specialize in short-form workshops, bringing 6th-12th grade students from no-code to low-code and from low-code to full-code projects. It's been a long process trying to migrate everything over to GitHub but like all organization debt, it's a work in progress.

## Developing Lifemap

Every year I set some form of engineering goals for what I wanted to achive. Sometimes I achieved them. Sometimes it took a little longer to achive. Sometimes, I'm still trying to achieve them.

### 2024 Goals

*This year I've spent as a sort of "gap-year" to figure out what sort of educator / engineer I want to become.*

- [ ] Learn to build in public
  - [ ] Start a *this week I built/learned* blog
- [ ] Complete and launch a side project
- [ ] Build and release a creative coding project

### Archived Goals

See [previous year's goals](./Archived_Goals.md).

---

<!-- Readme stats: https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats#customization -->

![Commits](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=totally-not-frito-lays&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&&count_private=true&include_all_commits=true&theme=transparent)

![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=totally-not-frito-lays&size_weight=0&count_weight=1&exclude_repo=FIRE&theme=transparent&layout=compact)
